feat(changelog): jobs-added-serverless-jobs-integrates-secret-manager 2024-11-05 (#3949)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/november2024/2024-11-05-jobs-added-serverless-jobs-integrates-secret-manager.mdx

---

> title: Serverless Jobs integrates Secret Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Serverless Jobs now integrates Secret Manager
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-jobs channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-11-05
category: serverless
product: jobs
---

> Serverless Jobs is now integrated with Secret Manager natively.
> 
> This allows seamless retrieval of sensitive data like API keys, database credentials and reducing complexity while enhancing security by keeping secrets out of your codebase. [Link to documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/jobs/how-to/reference-secret-in-job/)
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless Jobs is now natively integrated with Secret Manager.

This allows for seamless retrieval of your sensitive data like API keys, database credentials. This integration reduces complexity while enhancing security by keeping your secrets out of your codebase. Refer to the [dedicated documentation](/serverless/jobs/how-to/reference-secret-in-job/) for more information.

```
